Initial Update of README.md (#101)
gotechnica/platform-2020: README.md

<br/>
<p align="center">

> <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12374295/90097329-89c3f400-dcea-11ea-9892-2b59e1d564bd.png">

Reviewer: Can we use the Technica Logo here instead?

</p>

> platform-2020 (cool name coming soon) is an open-source and easy to use online platforms for hackathons to use, built with the COVID-19 pandemic in mind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Technica platform is an open-source and easy to use online platform for hackathons to use, built with the COVID-19 pandemic in mind.
```

## ✅&nbsp; Requirements
Exact installation details are in the next section, but the whole platform uses Node.js.
To use the platform for your hackathon, you'll need an AWS account.

The platform's backend uses AWS Lambda and DynamoDB, with the deployment being handled by Serverless.

> The platform's frontend uses Vue.js, and is deployed as a static site onto AWS EC2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The platform's frontend uses Vue.js, and is deployed as a static site onto AWS S3. CDN hosting is handled by AWS CloudFront.
```
